---
title: Aims
date: 2022-09-20 14:07:17
permalink: /pages/b8137a/
categories:
  - DS
  - Data Science
tags:
  - 
author: 
  name: Jennifer
  link: https://github.com/Li-Jennifer
---
## Assessment
 - 4 assessed labs (24% in total) 
 - 10 assessed quizzes (6%) 
 - a 2 hour written exam (70%, online, open-book)


## Lab submission

### 1.Downloading labs
-   Download the zip file for the unit.
-   Move the zip file somewhere convenient (e.g. `/idss/labs/topic1/`).
-   Unzip the file
-   Start `Jupyter`
-   A browser window will open. Navigate to the notebook (e.g. `/idss/labs/topic1/idds_lab_01.ipynb`), and then follow the instructions in the notebook to complete the exercise.

### 2.How tests work
The tests which the autograder uses are the uneditable cells which contain `assert`:

```
  assert(x==5)
```

If you run these, and see a _green tick_, you have answered correctly. Otherwise, you will get an error with a _red bar_ and there is a problem with your solution.

### 3. Submission instructions
These exercises are partly processed by an automated tool and partly based on manual grading. You must follow the submission instructions carefully if you want your work to be considered.

WARNING: You must not rename notebook files or delete cells from them! (you may add cells as you wish)

### 4. Checking and submitting
-   Make sure you have filled in any place that says YOUR CODE HERE or "YOUR ANSWER HERE", as well as your name and student ID at the top.
-   Make sure everything runs as expected.
    -   Restart the kernel (in the menubar, select `Kernel→Restart`)
    -   Run all cells (`Cell→Run All`).
    -   If this doesn't work, you need to fix it before submitting (preferably by answering the question - ar alternatively by simply removing the raise exception statement).
-   Submit **only** the main `.ipynb` file (e.g. `idds_lab_2_optimisation.ipynb`) on Moodle - and **if clearly specified** a single pdf with figures.
-   Do not submit any other files or any other filetypes (no zips, no supplement files, etc. !).

## Aims
1. Transformation: Array data, linear algebra, visualisation, probabilities concepts.
2. Systems: physical DB design, query processing algorithms, indexing methods, practical query optimization, transactional semantics(事务性语义)
3. Processing: data cleaning and integration (pandas, numpy, scikit-learn)
> Representing diverse types of data (including text), creating vector representations of data, measuring item similarity, clustering and linking data objects, and then visualizing the results using modern algorithms.





## Books
#### Visualisation
-   **The Grammar of Graphics**, Leland Wilkinson, Second ed.
-   The Tufte books
    -   _The Visual Display of Quantitative Information_ by Edward Tufte
    -   _Visual Explanations: Images and Quantities, Evidence and Narrative_ by Edward Tufte
    -   _Envisioning Information_ by Edward Tufte
#### Optimisation and linear algebra
-   [_Linear algebra and learning from data_](https://math.mit.edu/~gs/learningfromdata/) Gilbert Strang _covers much of the course and a lot more_
-   [_Introduction to Applied Linear Algebra_](https://web.stanford.edu/~boyd/vmls/) Stephen Boyd and Lieven Vandenberghe
-   _A First Course in Numerical Methods_, Uri M. Ascher and Chen Greif.
-   _Coding the Matrix_, Phillip N. Klein
-   _Linear Algebra Done Right_, Sheldon Axler

#### Probability theory and learning  
-   [_Think Bayes_](http://greenteapress.com/wp/think-bayes/), Allen B. Downey
-   _All of Statistics: A concise course on Statistical Inference_, by Larry Wasserman
-   [_Probability theory: the logic of science_](http://bayes.wustl.edu/etj/prob/book.pdf) by E. T. Jaynes
-   [_Information Theory, Inference and Learning Algorithms_](http://www.inference.org.uk/itprnn/book.html), David Mackay (free!)
- **Mathematical Notation: A Guide for Engineers and Scientists** by _Edward R. Scheinerman_

#### Database Systems Internals  
-   H. Garcia-Molina, J.D. Ullman and J. Widom. _“[Database Systems: The Complete Book](http://tinyurl.com/ybsbthan)”._ Pearson Education Ltd., 2014.  
-   M. Kleppmann. _"Designing data-intensive applications: The big ideas behind reliable, scalable, and maintainable systems"._ O’Reilly, 2017.
-   R. Elmasri and S. B. Navathe. "_Fundamentals of Database Systems_", 7th Ed. Pearson Education Ltd., 2017.
- 