---
title: Critical thinking
date: 2022-08-14 11:14:30
permalink: /pages/8b3f72/
categories:
  - 其他
  - English
tags:
  - 
author: 
  name: Jennifer
  link: https://github.com/Li-Jennifer
---

## Critical thinking (day 3)

### 1.A definition of critical thinking
- identify central issues and assumptions in an argument, 

- recognize important relationships, 

- make correct inferences from data,

- deduce conclusions from information or data provided, 

- interpret whether conclusions are warranted on the basis of the data given, 

- and evaluate evidence or authority

### 2.Reading and critical thinking

> a. How does active reading differ from passive reading?
>
> b. What is meant by intertextuality or the interdependence of texts?
>
> c. In general terms, what methods are most common in your own subject area?
>
> d. What advice is given regarding following the development of a text when reading?
>
> Purpose (reader and writer)

Intertextuality

Methods

Text development

### 3.Writing and the critical use of sources

| Do                                             | Don't                                  |
| ---------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------- |
| Using sources to support our argument/position | Just report what a source says         |
| Add comment about the sources                  | List sources seperately / in isolation |
| Synthesis(relate source together)              |                                        |

### 5.Critical thinking in the disciplines

Examples of critical thinking in 4 disciplines: Economics, law, history, engineering

Two common causes of confusion: the meaning of n/v. + Positive/negative

A final piece of reassurance: not a straight forward , new ideas, realistic, simple, identify for features,

:::tip 

[https://help.open.ac.uk/critical-reading-techniques](https://help.open.ac.uk/critical-reading-techniques)

:::

## The SSE Question / Task

#### Your subject specific essay (SSE)

**Focusing on a specific area within** **science, technology, engineering and mathematics (STEM) or urban and regional planning,** **critically discuss** **the extent to which** **sustainability** **has been addressed.** 

a. What does ‘**Focusing on a specific area’** mean?   Focusing on an area

b. What does ‘**critically discuss’** mean? Relative or useful

c. What does ‘**to extent’** mean? Can't solve 

d. What does **‘sustainability’** mean and in what ways is it discussed in different disciplines?

e. What does ‘an area within STEM / urban planning’ mean?

f. The tasks mentions: **the extent to which sustainability has been addressed**. Ask yourself, addressed by whom?

