---
title: AWSP
date: 2022-10-26 10:02:07
permalink: /pages/4e8e8c/
categories:
  - 其他
  - English
tags:
  - 
author: 
  name: Jennifer
  link: https://github.com/Li-Jennifer
---


What role, if any, ought the computer programmer play in the ethical considerations of new software?

With the development of the network, software has become closely related to people's lives. While software brings convenience to people's lives, it also brings some problems that cannot be ignored, one of which is the problem of program ethics. As early as in the mid-1940s, mathematics and engineering professors at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in the United States already considered the issue of programming ethics. Due to the development of the times, the programming ethics of the past cannot meet the needs of the present.

So far, these aspects of the web are of concern, which are addictive design, private data, and algorithmic bias. There is no doubt that programmers play an important role in program development, so they should take an irreplaceable responsibility for Internet users.

First, Internet addiction is now causing a lot of social concern, and it is not only harmful to minors, but even adults can hardly resist the temptation. For example, there are variable strategies used in apps (Facebook Messenger, YouTube, and Instagram), which are rewards strategies, social reciprocity, infinite scrolling, the illusion of choice and user investment. (Neyman, n.d.) According to the report (Neyman, n.d.), the average smartphone owner checks their phone more than 150 times per day because programmers use addictive design strategies to lure users to be addicted. It is time that programmers should take measures to help netizen get rid of addicting to the Internet and return to the real world, such as adding some tips or warnings to break out the Internet surfing.

Second, the private information of users on the Internet has grown exponentially. How to handle this data in a secure and non-privacy-invasive manner is an important issue for programmers that cannot be ignored. The act of overlooking security issues and over-using users' private information too much makes people on the online world more and more vulnerable to unwarranted malicious attacks, leaving them to suffer unnecessary psychological harm. Programmers should set up some protection mechanism when designing the program to block some malicious attack words alive, or even close some malicious attack accounts to avoid these things from happening.

Third, (Tsamados et al., 2022) said that algorithms have also become a key element of the critical services and infrastructure. What’s more, the number of algorithmic systems that exhibit ethical problems continues to grow. According to the experiment, algorithmic bias is not only found in advertisements but also in different patients, which not only disrupts people's choices but also affects their health. Therefore, programmers should take these potential risks into account when programming software. They should not overuse algorithms in the design of some special features and make the software as less biased as possible.

In conclusion, web services pose many potential dangers to people. To deal with these risks of addictive design, private data, and algorithmic bias, programmers who are most likely to help people mitigate the hazards should play a key role. They should take different measures for different problems in order to be responsible to Internet users.

References:

Neyman, C. (n.d.). _A Survey of Addictive Software Design_. _1_(1), 12.

Tsamados, A., Aggarwal, N., Cowls, J., Morley, J., Roberts, H., Taddeo, M., & Floridi, L. (2022). The ethics of algorithms: Key problems and solutions. _AI & SOCIETY_, _37_(1), 215–230. https://doi.org/10.1007/s00146-021-01154-8