---
title: Critical thinking
date: 2022-08-14 11:14:30
permalink: /pages/ae6680/
categories:
  - 其他
  - week5
tags:
  - 
author: 
  name: Jennifer
  link: https://github.com/Li-Jennifer
---


## Critical thinking (day 3)

### 1.A definition of critical thinking
>identify central issues and assumptions in an argument, 
recognize important relationships, 
make correct inferences from data,
deduce conclusions from information or data provided, 
interpret whether conclusions are warranted on the basis of the data given, 
and evaluate evidence or authority

### 2.Reading and critical thinking

> a. How does active reading differ from passive reading?
>
> b. What is meant by intertextuality or the interdependence of texts?
>
> c. In general terms, what methods are most common in your own subject area?
>
> d. What advice is given regarding following the development of a text when reading?
>
> Purpose (reader and writer)

Intertextuality

Methods

Text development

### 3.Writing and the critical use of sources

| Do                                             | Don't                                  |
| ---------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------- |
| Using sources to support our argument/position | Just report what a source says         |
| Add comment about the sources                  | List sources seperately / in isolation |
| Synthesis(relate source together)              |                                        |

### 5.Critical thinking in the disciplines

Examples of critical thinking in 4 disciplines: Economics, law, history, engineering

Two common causes of confusion: the meaning of n/v. + Positive/negitive

A final piece of reassurance: not a straight forward , new ideas, realistic, simple, identify for features,

:::tip 

[https://help.open.ac.uk/critical-reading-techniques](https://help.open.ac.uk/critical-reading-techniques)

:::





## The SSE Question / Task

#### Your subject specific essay (SSE)

**Focusing on a specific area within** **science, technology, engineering and mathematics (STEM) or urban and regional planning,** **critically discuss** **the extent to which** **sustainability** **has been addressed.** 

a. What does ‘**Focusing on a specific area’** mean?   Focusing on an area

b. What does ‘**critically discuss’** mean? Relative or useful

c. What does ‘**to extent’** mean? Can't solve 

d. What does **‘sustainability’** mean and in what ways is it discussed in different disciplines?

e. What does ‘an area within STEM / urban planning’ mean?

f. The tasks mentions: **the extent to which sustainability has been addressed**. Ask yourself, addressed by whom?

>My major is Computer Science.
>
>1. When we are programming, we often develop under 24 Design Patterns to simplified and structure code to get robust.
>2. As uploading the code, we often take many strategies to reduce the pressure of servers. We can use the sources of  third-party to reduce redundant code and package code.
>3. We have many methods to reduce the pressure of servers, which not only save money but also increase the volume.
>4. Dig data. Through collecting and analysing massive data, we can reallocated resources for society and

