---
title: Outline
date: 2022-08-14 11:43:15
permalink: /pages/d6900e/
categories:
  - 其他
  - week5
tags:
  - 
author: 
  name: Jennifer
  link: https://github.com/Li-Jennifer
---
## Essay Pattern / Structure Situation Problem Response Evaluation (SPRE)  

| Student Name         |                                                              |
| -------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
| Topic                | Sustainability of clothing: an assessment of changing raw materials and upcycling |
| Introduction         | Clothing production and consumption cause significant environmental impacts.<br/>The advent of fast fashion and cheap clothing has made our closets larger and more ephemeral. <br/>Large amounts of clothing materials are wasted and used in landfills or incinerated. <br/>This essay evaluated changing raw materials and upcycling method, it argues that upcycling is the better sustainable method. |
| Situation            | Fashion is an industry with high resource demands, pollution and waste, and many of its practices lead to the degradation of the natural environment and life-sustaining systems.<br/>Although fashion industry want to find methods to mitigate the environmental damage   <br/>The number of garments sold continues to increase.<br/> Clothing use and preservation time is reduced |
| Problem              | It is estimated that the average UK consumer disposes of 30 kg of clothing to landfill annually.        Environmental pollution <br/>However, 20-25% of landfill or incinerated clothing could be reused with better facilities. Waste of resources |
| Response or Solution | ①　Upcycling     On the other hand, up-cycling is defined as the type of ‘recycling in rise in value’; the aim of this method is to reduce wastes.<br/>②　Organic cotton is used to make clothes instead of conventional cotton |
| Evaluation           | ①　Recycling increases the value of the product and reduces waste and environmental pollution; although people think this will reduce satisfaction, society can set up special manufacturers to recycle only the material of clothes.<br/>②This cotton is grown without pesticides.     <br/>  Does not harm the environmentBut the price is expensive, the average family is difficult to accept |
| Conclusion           | Upcycling is the better method                               |
| References           |                                                              |

 

**Summary of EE Outline Feedback**

*-* **Good topic, and clearly structured outline,** 

*-* **You seem to have some good recent sources**

*-* **Try to add some specific statistics/ examples to the problem of where in the world the problem could apply – news sources could be appropriate here.**

\- As we discussed, **a third more technological solution could be good to relate more to your major (smart closets is a very interesting idea)**

*-* **In evaluations/conclusions show critical thinking by considering which might be more suitable in different contexts**

 





## Essay Example

### The sustainability of EnvFUSION and cloud-based service framework in transport system



Energy conservation and reduction of carbon dioxide (CO2) emissions have contributed enormously to environmental change. So far, CO2 emissions produced by fossil fuel has become a dominant part of greenhouse gas (GHGs). Li, Lu, Zhang, & Wang (2013) showed that combusting fossil fuels emit CO2 that contribute about 80% of total GHG emissions. It is also noteworthy that in the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) countries, the predominant GHG producer in the transport system is road transportation, whereas road freight normally contributes just less than 50% of the road transportation. It is clear that road transportation, the primary part of freight transportation, is responsible for the predominant part of the freight-related emissions. This has led to the need for new transport technology that is able to improve energy consumption and GHG emissions, and meanwhile generate efficiency of the transport system through ‘Intelligent Transport System’ (ITS), which is broadly defined as systems based on a combination of Information Communication Technology, positioning and automation technologies (Pagoni et al., 2012). Regarding road transport, their main purpose aims to maximize the operational ability of highways which provides better performance of transport system and therefore avoid building extra road capacity. These technologies are also able to be used to reduce GHS emissions, improve safety, provide societal benefits, keep compliance and decrease economic cost. Despite these benefits, few people realize the application of ITS in transport system to decrease climate variation with respect to personal car transport (Kolosz et al., 2013). This essay will evaluates two methods based on ITS for reducing CO2 emission and efficient transport: EnvFUSION and cloud based service framework.

 

 

Road freight transportation can harm the environment and human health though it is vital for the economic development. So far, the research of freight transportation tends to focus on minimizing sources. However, as worldwide environmental issues increase, freight carriers and logistics providers have begun to deal with the negative externalities of their operations., including resource consumption, pollution, accidents, noise, land use deterioration, and climate change risk. Trucks, which produce abundant pollution, carry out an important proportion of freight transportation in the regional and local levels. Although technologies of transportation and fuels have been developed over the past decades, diesel engines are still used in most trucks, which emit emissions of carbon dioxide (CO2), nitrogen oxides (N2O), and particulate matter (PM). Being exposed to N2O-based smog and particulate matter (PM) for a long time can endanger health. In addition, GHGs account for greenhouse effect to a large extent. In the transportation sector, CO2 emissions which come from combustion of fossil fuels, dominate GHG emissions. Atmospheric changes and climate disruptions occur and pose threats on nature and human being. GHGs significantly raise the temperature of the Earth by absorbing and emitting radiations in the thermal infra-red range in the atmosphere. The extent of CO2 emissions in atmosphere was measured in October 2013 being 393.66 parts per million and until now it is still increasing. The CO2 emissions are related to the gross of fuel consumption, which also relies on environment, the range of vehicle and traffic-related parameters, such as vehicle acceleration, load and speed (Demir et al., 2014). For examining the sustainability of transport system, Information Communication Technology (ICT) and infrastructure can be used to enable ITS systems improving the performance of transport system by enhancing supervision and control.

 

 

To reduce GHG emissions and fuel consumption, an intelligent system along with an e-Learning visualization system is proposed. Hsu et al.(2015) demonstrated that automotive and navigating equipment in cars are trying to provide diverse services like saving fuel services, but these services are still lacking utilitarian value because they are restricted by the complex and tremendous in-car data processing and analysis. To solve the problem, Hsu et al. (2015) proposed a practical system. This system uses cloud computing, which has the ability to provide enormous high-capacity information reservation and processing, which can transmit data between the server and the client to reduce the overhead of hardware for the client. It has increased the amount of available information and aroused the need for timely value-added analysis services for variable and massive data. This framework has three special features. First, a cloud-based transportation system is built to store the large amount of data and video, enable the back-end data analytics at both server and client sites and avoid the demand of hard disks for client-site to conserve energy and improve reliability. Second, mobile machine vision techniques are used to develop a real time traffic condition analysis, which depends on collecting data and video from road-side cameras to distinguish and analyze traffic conditions, such as traffic lights, braking events, traffic flow, and count-down timers. Furthermore, for eco-driving, a fuel-efficient route navigation technology using a dynamic shortest path algorithm and real time traffic information was also proposed to save time and improve fuel consumption. Third, a sequential pattern mining model was design for determining misguided driving behavior of eco-driving using the real-time data and the on-board diagnostics system collected from digital tachygraphy. In this framework, telematics can record the valuable and timely information in terms of the traffic conditions in cloud-based system and integrate this information to help drivers to build eco-driving styles, forecast traffic disturbance and decrease fuel consumption.  Furthermore, apart from providing current data and storing a large amount of video, vehicle and traffic data of road condition, the cloud-based system can mitigate the demand of computing resources for reducing energy consumption via virtualizing, clustering, and dynamic configurating. This platform can serve to collect, exchange and integrate remote messages, such as driving behavior patterns, traffic conditions, and other relevant information  and plan route navigation with the relatively efficiency of fuel, thereby achieving eco-driving and energy conservation and reducing GHG emissions. Despite the advantages, at design time, it is very hard to choose the appropriate element to construct a cloud system which can achieve maximum synchronization between the elements. In addition, this study is only conceptualized in some theoretical platform basis, and has not been applied in real highways. These weaknesses may cause unpredictable difficulties, such as error in route designment and fuel consumption increase when using this system to optimize car driving. 

 

 

The second option for managing highways in a social, environmental, and economically sound and supportive way is a ’unified’ environmental and socio-economic framework called EnvFUSION (Environmental Fusion for ITS), including both current ICT standards and transport impact assessment (Kolosz et al., 2013). This framework is able to examine the combination of environmental performance and the broader effect of ITS technology. The framework is comprised of a Lifecycle inventory (LCI) and Lifecycle Impact Assessment (LCIA) (taking an attributional assessment approach), and priority setting and pair wise comparison using an Analytical Hierarchy Process (AHP). In fact, there are many relationships between emissions and the technologies which are used in transport system rendering the system more complex. This study has aimed to introduce a ‘unified’ sustainability framework that can measure the extent of carbon offset these technologies generate in the transport system. This system can integrate the infrastructure data and variables of different transport and ICT, which can include the operational consumption of the scheme, such as emissions and energy consumption, in a holistic indicator. Therefore, it can reduce the uncertainty in inherent GHG emissions of the transport system and thereby offers better long-term decision. Although EnvFUSION can combine different transport and ICT factors, it is insensitive to geographic aspect and lack consistency of the comparisons when a large number is needed. In addition, while this study is based on an implemented scheme, future technology development may require the expansion of this research to estimate possible energy and emissions which can arise with new technologies.

 

In conclusion, this essay has investigated how GHGs and global warming are related to transport system, and introduced two solutions, EnvFUSION and cloud-based service framework, dealing with emission problem in transportation. These solutions collect and process information about cars, drivers, traffic conditions, and environments to design route navigation and improve transport system, and so reduce energy consumption and CO2 emission to protect environment. Nevertheless, although these solutions can improve transportation with respect to emission, there are still some flaws, such as the choice of components, the lack of application, the blank for future development and insensibility. In future research, the all-rounded methods with robustness are needed for transport system to be more sustainable.

 

DEMIR, E., BEKTAŞ, T. & LAPORTE, G. 2014. A review of recent research on green road freight transportation. *European journal of operational research,* 237**,** 775-793.

HSU, C.-Y., YANG, C.-S., YU, L.-C., LIN, C.-F., YAO, H.-H., CHEN, D.-Y., ROBERT LAI, K. & CHANG, P.-C. 2015. Development of a cloud-based service framework for energy conservation in a sustainable intelligent transportation system. *International journal of production economics,* 164**,** 454-461.

KOLOSZ, B., GRANT-MULLER, S. & DJEMAME, K. 2013. Modelling uncertainty in the sustainability of Intelligent Transport Systems for highways using probabilistic data fusion. *Environmental modelling & software : with environment data news,* 49**,** 78-97.

LI, H., LU, Y., ZHANG, J. & WANG, T. 2013. Trends in road freight transportation carbon dioxide emissions and policies in China. *Energy policy,* 57**,** 99-106.

PAGONI, I., SCHAFER, A. & PSARAKI, V. 2012. Techno-economic assessment of the potential of intelligent transport systems to reduce CO2 emissions. *IET intelligent transport systems,* 6**,** 355-363.

 
